Add more sections to the CAPI docs (#655)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/capi/reference/configs.md

# Providers Configurations

> {{product}} bootstrap and control plane provideres (CABPCK and CACPCK) can be configured to aid the cluster admin reach the desired state for the workload cluster. In this section we will go through different configurations that each one of these providers expose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{product}} bootstrap and control plane providers (CABPCK and CACPCK) can be configured to aid the cluster admin in reaching the desired state for the workload cluster. In this section, we will go through different configurations that each one of these providers expose.
```

| `datastoreServersSecretRef` | `struct{name:str, key:str}` | A reference to a secret containing the datastore servers. | `{}` |
| `k8sDqlitePort` | `int` | The port to use for k8s-dqlite. If unset, 2379 (etcd) will be used. | `2379` |
| `microclusterAddress` | `string` | The address (or CIDR) to use for microcluster. If unset, the default node interface is chosen. | `""` |
| `microclusterPort` | `int` | The port to use for microcluster. If unset, ":2380" (etcd peer) will be used. | `":2380"` |
| `extraKubeAPIServerArgs` | `map[string]string` | Extra arguments to add to kube-apiserver. | `map[]` |

**Example Usage:**
```yaml
spec:
    controlPlane:
        extraSANs:
            - extra.san
        cloudProvider: external
        nodeTaints:
            - myTaint
        datastoreType: k8s-dqlite
        datastoreServersSecretRef:
            name: sfName
            key: sfKey
        k8sDqlitePort: 2379
        microclusterAddress: my.address
        microclusterPort: ":2380"
        extraKubeAPIServerArgs:
            argKey: argVal
```

<!-- LINKS -->
[Install custom {{product}} on machines]: ../howto/custom-ck8s.md

> [etcd best practices]: https://etcd.io/docs/v3.3.12/faq/#why-an-odd-number-of-cluster-members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[etcd best practices]: https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/faq/#why-an-odd-number-of-cluster-members
```
if we're gonna link to a faq, let's at least make it a current version ;)
